Main Ideas: 

Investment Funds:  
    Sports Betting Fund : 
        1. Get Player Data in manipulable way
        2. Train ML models or create statistics/data_structures models to collect alpha 
        3. Find way to webscrape the best to collect live bets 
        4. Repeate with advancements on every frontier 

    Traditional Funds : 
        Energy Fund: Enegy related alpha (green energy stock, crude oil, natural resources)
            1. Finish Knoll Cohen Project before end of Winter Break 
            2. Develop understanding of the Energy Sector completely 
            3. Revise the 30 companies and any new top 30's in 30 one pagers 
            4. Develop bias and start papertrading 

        Crypto Fund: Crypto derivitives with emphasis on deep diving projects (high risk high reward) 
            1. Develop a undestading of each sector of the crypto world 
            2. Pick 4 sectors and write 2 pagers on thier past and present
            3. Specialize in 2 Sectors 
            4. Start looking at projects and create personal biases 

        Safer Fund: Safe fund with a mix of ETF, Stocks, Bonds 
            1. Create a macro economic view 
            2. Invest and Diversity into many contries and sectors given macro bias 
            3. Get a real grasp on manipulating risk management 
    
Communities: 
    New Rome: Similar to The Resistance but my own community 
    Alt-Right: US nationalists and International Nationalists, centrally political 
    
Social Media Based: 
    Motivational/Money SFC: Somthing that is new to allow us to attract the minds of the determined and ambitious
    Alt-Right Propaganda: Target the angry nationalists but also intelectually questioning 

IU Endevors: 
    WallStreetPrep (4 courses)
        1. Excel Crash Course
        2. Finacial Statements 
        3. Accounting Crash Course 
        4. Premium Modeling Course 

    Complete draft of Knoll Cohen Stock Pitch 
        1. Come up with 30 page, 1 company a page overview of the top 30 Energy Companies 
        2. 10 compaise that look interesting in the Energy Sector 
        3. 4 page explanation into each of the compaies 

